College Station invites visitors to explore a dynamic mix of history, culture and play. From nationally recognized attractions like the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum to the iconic traditions found across the Texas A&M University campus, there is always something happening in Aggieland. Spend the day outdoors in local parks and trails, dive into hands-on entertainment like axe throwing and ice skating or experience the electric atmosphere of game day at Kyle Field. When the sun goes down, enjoy live music, local nightlife and a growing dining scene that keeps visitors coming back for more.

Arts & Culture

College Station is a dynamic community with a flourishing arts and culture scene, deeply rooted in…

History

In College Station, we are proud to honor those that served our country, and that pride…

Best Bars & Clubs in College Station

Whether you're looking for a relaxing night out with a nice bottle of wine, or want…

Sports & Outdoors

Discover the natural beauty of College Station, where tranquil trails, lively parks and exciting sports venues…

Shopping

We invite you to explore the varied shopping options in College Station!

Attractions

College Station’s attractions showcase the best of Aggieland, blending iconic landmarks, local favorites and places that invite exploration. From nationally recognized sites like the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum to…

Outdoors

College Station makes it easy to get outside and enjoy wide-open spaces, scenic trails and parks designed for every pace. Whether you are looking to take a leisurely walk, enjoy a picnic, explore local greenways or spend time with family, the city’s outdoor spaces offer a refreshing way to slow down and reconnect. It is the perfect complement to College Station’s lively energy and welcoming spirit.

City of College Station Parks Directory

The Gardens

Gary Halter Nature Center

Wolf Pen Creek

Art Galleries & Museums

Art galleries and museums in College Station offer a deeper look at the stories, creativity and innovation that shape the city. From nationally recognized institutions to local galleries and rotating exhibits, visitors can explore everything from history and heritage to contemporary art and culture. It is an engaging way to experience College Station beyond the game day atmosphere and discover what makes Aggieland unique.

George H.W. Bush Presidential Library & Museum

Museum of the American G.I.

Arts Center of the Brazos Valley

Things to Do in College Station

Hidden Gems in College Station

Discover the charm of College Station through its hidden gems, where unique shops, outdoor trails, and more local spots offer one-of-a-kind experiences.